README.md, before:

# Hyperscale Race

What we are building: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X558K8dC4OCcrbjK2ZMK0sjOSu6SLg6Awk9C9yaMXHI/edit

Figma designs to replicate: https://www.figma.com/file/CPfZkeob1dtxStjSuUUXDs/HyperscalePaid

## Getting Started

First, clone the repo into a new folder (if you haven't yet):

```sh
git clone https://github.com/hyper-scale/race.git .
```

Next start dev enviroment:

```sh
docker-compose up -d
```

If you prefer to develop without the docker you can start mongodb only with:

```
docker-compose up -d mongo
```

MongoDB is pre-populated with test data.

You can now open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.

- You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

- [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

- The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Seed DB

If you are using MongoDB with docker-compose the test data is already there. Otherwise you can import test data manually:

```shell
mongoimport --host mongodb --port 27017 --db race --collection authors --mode upsert --type json --file seed/airtableAuthors.json --jsonArray
mongoimport --host mongodb --port 27017 --db race --collection applications --mode upsert --type json --file seed/airtableApplications.json --jsonArray
```

## Discord Authentication
Set up:
1. Create a custom [Discord application](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
2. Add the redirect URI `http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback/discord`to the Discord application (under the OAuth section)
3. Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and replace XXXX with actually values from Discord application

## Linting

Don't forget to lint the code!

```sh
docker-compose exec web yarn lint
```
or for dev without docker:
```
yarn lint
```

## Contributing

Pull Requests are welcome and encouraged! Make an issue first, and create a PR to assign it to yourself. Mark it for review when ready and we'll check to merge it.

Contribution process borrows from [Collective Code Construction Contract](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec/44/) (C4). Most important points:

* Change on the project shall be governed by the pattern of accurately identifying problems and applying minimal, accurate solutions to these problems.
* The user or contributor should seek consensus on the accuracy of their observation, and the value of solving the problem.
* To work on an issue, a contributor shall fork the project repository and then work on their forked repository.
* To submit a patch, a contributor shall create a pull request (PR) back to the project.
* A contributor shall not commit changes directly to the project.
* To discuss a patch, people may comment on the pull request.
* Maintainers should not merge their own patches except in exceptional cases, such as non-responsiveness from other maintainers for an extended period (more than 1-2 days).
* Maintainers shall not make value judgments on correct patches.
* Maintainers shall merge correct patches from other contributors rapidly.
* Maintainers should ask for improvements to incorrect patches and should reject incorrect patches if the contributor does not respond constructively.
* Any contributor who has value judgments on a correct patch should express these via their own patches.

TODO

## License

TBD

Commit message:

Configure and conform to stylelint and prettier

README.md, after:

# Hyperscale Race

What we are building: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X558K8dC4OCcrbjK2ZMK0sjOSu6SLg6Awk9C9yaMXHI/edit

Figma designs to replicate: https://www.figma.com/file/CPfZkeob1dtxStjSuUUXDs/HyperscalePaid

## Getting Started

First, clone the repo into a new folder (if you haven't yet):

```sh
git clone https://github.com/hyper-scale/race.git .
```

Next start dev enviroment:

```sh
docker-compose up -d
```

If you prefer to develop without the docker you can start mongodb only with:

```
docker-compose up -d mongo
```

MongoDB is pre-populated with test data.

You can now open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.

- You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

- [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

- The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Seed DB

If you are using MongoDB with docker-compose the test data is already there. Otherwise you can import test data manually:

```shell
mongoimport --host mongodb --port 27017 --db race --collection authors --mode upsert --type json --file seed/airtableAuthors.json --jsonArray
mongoimport --host mongodb --port 27017 --db race --collection applications --mode upsert --type json --file seed/airtableApplications.json --jsonArray
```

## Discord Authentication
Set up:
1. Create a custom [Discord application](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
2. Add the redirect URI `http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback/discord`to the Discord application (under the OAuth section)
3. Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and replace XXXX with actually values from Discord application

## Linting and formatting

Don't forget to lint the code!

### Formatting

[Prettier](https://prettier.io) is being used for automatically formatting the code.
To apply prettier, you can run:
```sh
yarn format
```

### Scripts

To lint the JavaScript code, run:

```sh
docker-compose exec web yarn lint:scripts
```
or for dev without docker:
```sh
yarn lint:scripts
```

### Styles

To lint styles with [stylelint](https://stylelint.io), run:

```sh
docker-compose exec web yarn lint:styles
```
or for dev without docker:
```sh
yarn lint:styles
```

## Contributing

Pull Requests are welcome and encouraged! Make an issue first, and create a PR to assign it to yourself. Mark it for review when ready and we'll check to merge it.

Contribution process borrows from [Collective Code Construction Contract](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec/44/) (C4). Most important points:

* Change on the project shall be governed by the pattern of accurately identifying problems and applying minimal, accurate solutions to these problems.
* The user or contributor should seek consensus on the accuracy of their observation, and the value of solving the problem.
* To work on an issue, a contributor shall fork the project repository and then work on their forked repository.
* To submit a patch, a contributor shall create a pull request (PR) back to the project.
* A contributor shall not commit changes directly to the project.
* To discuss a patch, people may comment on the pull request.
* Maintainers should not merge their own patches except in exceptional cases, such as non-responsiveness from other maintainers for an extended period (more than 1-2 days).
* Maintainers shall not make value judgments on correct patches.
* Maintainers shall merge correct patches from other contributors rapidly.
* Maintainers should ask for improvements to incorrect patches and should reject incorrect patches if the contributor does not respond constructively.
* Any contributor who has value judgments on a correct patch should express these via their own patches.

TODO

## License

TBD
